[music]
>> See you later.
This is Midtown Manhattan. I seldom come
to Midtown, but I've got a very special
friend in town today and he's staying
right over right over there.
>> [music]
>> This is Logan.
And uh we're going to go for a little
run.
>> [music]
>> How you doing? So we're going to do
Central Park. Um
What's for the marathon?
Okay, if you don't know who Logan is, we
made a movie together about Logan
running the New York City Marathon. And
the reason why Logan talks a little
funny and runs a little funny Logan has
cerebral palsy,
which means his body's a little
different, but his brain is exactly
right.
>> [laughter]
>> Logan, are you still burning holes in
your shoes every 5 miles?
Those look There's almost a hole.
Dude, they haven't invented a shoe for
you yet? The Logan?
>> [music]
>> Logan has just explained to me that he's
When are you going to do it?
In August, he's going to go climb a
14,000 ft mountain for no other reason
that he likes to do hard things and he's
running out of hard things to do.
>> Have you ever seen
>> I always have ideas. [laughter]
I always have plenty of hard ideas.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Logan is one of the greatest people I've
ever met in my life. Like while we were
running, walking through the park, he's
like he's talking to me about this
nonprofit he just started and he's
talking about this job that he's leaning
into and raising capital for this and
how he's running he's only able to run
three times a week and he's only able to
go to the gym four or five times a week
and how he had this great ski season but
he only got 70 days in and there wasn't
good snow out west. He's just like
doing, doing, doing. And a good rule in
life is to surround yourself with the
kinds of people that like you aspire to
be like. And for me in my life like
Logan is right on top of that pyramid.
That kid is like
he's just doing it.
Uh
Okay, unrelated to Logan.
Um Nike, this is not sponsored, Nike
sent me something called the holy shirt.
I thought it'd be worth opening on
[music] camera.
A portable cooling microclimate for very
hot trails.
Well, it's uh definitely holy.
Uh
I mean, I don't know. I mean, thank you
Nike for sending this to me.
I will say it feels good. Lots of air
flow, but I don't know that I can wear
this.
And this is more of my my my
Want to go play ball?
Come on. Want to go to the park?
>> [music]
>> New York City is home to countless
fantastic dog parks. This dog park is
not one of those.
>> [music]
[music]
>> This park is my favorite because this
park has the game.
The game is simple. Place the disgusting
bucket on top of the sharing library,
walk to the other side of the park, and
hit the bucket.
My job is to throw the ball. The dog's
job is to retrieve the ball.
>> [music]
>> Thank you.
[music]
>> I have something to tell you, this is a
really super big deal for me.
I'm a little insecure though. Okay, I've
never done this in like my entire
25-year history of like YouTube making
movies I've never done this before, but
all the music in today's
video I made.
I don't know how to play any
instruments, but I did I created those
sounds. I found this really amazing
looking very expensive synth. I think
this is a synthesizer. I don't know what
this is on the internet and I bought it.
Then I wrote down which note which what
the keys were and then I googled chord
progressions and then I wrote those on
the thing and then I just turned the
knobs and pushed the buttons until it
made a sound I liked and then I plugged
in a headphone jack, plugged that into
my computer, recorded it with GarageBand
and then tried to edit it into
something. I don't know how to go from
just chord progressions into songs, but
I'm going to watch YouTube videos and
figure it out.
Look, if you didn't like the music just
don't be nice in the comments cuz I'm
I'm really excited about this, but
cool, right?
>> [bell]
[music]